 क्यारोलिना निवासी क्यान्सर पीडित कृष्ण मानन्धरलाई सहयोग गर्न अपिल

अमेरिका । अमेरिकाको क्यारोलिनामा बस्दै आएका क्यान्सर पीडित कृष्ण मानन्धरले आफ्नो जिवन बँचाईदिन विश्वभरका नेपालीसामु अपिल गरेका छन्।

१२ वर्षदेखि अमेरिकाको क्यारोलिनामा बस्दै आएका कृष्ण मानन्धरलाई अचानक क्यान्सर देखिएपछि आफ्नो जिवन बँचाईदिन विश्वभरका नेपालीसामु आग्रह गरेका हुन्।  

क्यान्सर पीडित कृष्ण मानन्धरलाई सहयाग गर्न तल लिंकमा क्लिक गर्नुहोस् ... 

https://www.gofundme.com/help-krishna-fight-cancer



कृष्ण मानन्धरको परिवारले निकालेको सहयोगको अपिल 

Help Krishna to Fight Cancer
Namaste! Dear friends, family and well-wishers! I am Nilu Manandhar, currently living in Holly Spring, North Carolina for the last 12+ years with my two children – Deepa and Kabir; and my husband who I have been married to for 36 years. 
My beloved husband Krishna Manandhar has been fighting for his life since 2015. I am humbly requesting your support at this extremely difficult time. He was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer (stage III) in June 2015 and had Whipple surgery to remove the head and neck of his pancreas and a segment of his small intestine (duodenum). Since his surgery, he has been treated with high doses of chemotherapy and radiation to treat and control his cancer. In November of 2017, an MRI showed that the cancer had recurred, spread to his liver, and is now stage IV.

As all of you know, medical treatments in the USA are extremely expensive!! I had to give up my job to take care of my husband, and the medical bills and living expenses have drained all our savings and placed huge financial burden on our family. Krishna is a fighter and is going to continue fight the cancer through chemo, radiation and alternative treatments. 

I am with him, supporting him forever, and I am humbly requesting for financial support from all our well-wishers, friends, family and community members in this most difficult time of our lives. Thank you for any contributions you can make and for providing us some hope.

Best Regards,

Nilu (Bhagabati Manandhar Pant) wife of Krishna. 
The initiator of this Gofundme account.

 

क्यान्सर पीडित कृष्ण मानन्धरलाई सहयाग गर्न तल लिंकमा क्लिक गर्नुहोस् ... 

https://www.gofundme.com/help-krishna-fight-cancer
